feat: support `server.base` configuration (#3542)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/advanced/env-vars.mdx

const Image = <img src={`https://example.com/static/icon.png`} />;
```

### process.env.BASE_URL

You can use `process.env.BASE_URL` in client code to access the server's [base path](/guide/basic/server#base-path).

This is helpful for us to reference [public folder](/guide/basic/static-assets#public-folder) assets in HTML templates.

For example, we set the base path of the server to `/foo` through [server.base](/config/server/base) configuration:

```ts
export default {
  server: {
    base: '/foo',
  },
};
```

> Then, the access path to the `favicon.ico` file in the public directory is `http://localhost:3000/foo/favicon.ico`. We can reference `./public/favicon.ico` file in the HTML template in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the access path to the `favicon.ico` file in the public directory is `http://localhost:3000/foo/favicon.ico`. We can reference `./public/favicon.ico` file in the HTML template like this:
```
